Remove -j 4 flag, document WM_NCOMPPROCS (#244)
precice/openfoam-adapter: changelog-entries/244.md

> - Removed the default `-j 4` option from the wmake command. Instead, documented the `WM_NCOMPPROCS` option of OpenFOAM. [#244](Remove -j 4 flag, document WM_NCOMPPROCS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the default `-j 4` option from the wmake command. Instead, documented the `WM_NCOMPPROCS` option of OpenFOAM. [#244](https://github.com/precice/openfoam-adapter/pull/244)
```

Author: Thanks for the fix! Please check again and approve, if ok.
